# Final-Year-Project
<p align="justify">Online information has exploded with the rise of social media platforms (like Twitter) which has made it very difficult to process useful information for the majority of people. As people have a right to freely express their opinions on all sorts of things on social media. Similarly, They also have a right to choose the information that they want to read and block the negative and/or illogical content from their social media life. With this in mind, We tried to build an intelligent content analysis system (Intelligent Content Analyzer) that can automatically analyse comments/replies of tweets of its users and let the users have more control of their Twitter life by giving options to filter out negative or/and illogical replies/comments that they don't want to read and focus on only the positive and logical content. Sentiment Analysis is useful to filter out the negative and useless information if done properly. The current state-of-the-art sentiment analysis systems are not flawless. The majority of them (Vader, TextBlob, and SparkNLP) that we have experimented with fail to classify simple pieces of text (like "You think you deserve congratulations for this kind of work?"). This study was not only about finding the best system and exploring the limits of the current state-of-the-art sentiment analysis systems but also about the exploration and development of a human-centred, intelligent, reasonable, learnable, and interpretable system to perform logical analysis of the replies. A huge amount of work has been already done to perform "sentiment analysis" but none has been done to perform "logical analysis" of the text. We hope this study will open new research areas for future research, especially in the world of logical analysis.</p>

